tonight at the Pro Bowl here's Zack with
the bracket tomorrow your screen guard
link one Batman one Luigi one mr. clean
one Mario one warrior vs green goblin
Superman vs waluigi Spidey has a by Hill
vase in winter I waluigi in Superman and
here comes green goblin kind of weird
he's like hahaha
Oh
I saw me so much fo me slow motion for
my door with no budget for my you guys
Schreiber I got me a sure everyone here
into the second round of the tournament
and let's get the match started on they
both miss with running strike now or not
about into the second round on the match
I me tell him tournament match oh yeah
we're bout 20 it's crazy what dirty
player and now's him what the fire
extinguisher and now he picks up
something drops 28 pics 0 NE reverses it
and we done Pam dumb bad don't let him
do ya shame him he's Lana this is the
crutches and hits him with it and Zach I
forgot you're sorry i only had 25 years
of still drinking yours but no it's rad
why do you have a broken garage he drank
it
oh and more yo picks him up and slams
Green Goblin and he tries to get a
weapon he doesn't get one so it goes
back in and y 0 x is the wing oh and he
gets on the table wait is it time o ne
slams up through the table don't see
table sweet huh I don't think oh look at
that time yeah I don't think I'm gonna
be happy about that now that she's mean
I mean that was my announcing table once
I mean I would shut up shut up shut up
just shut up Oh table again look the
sign says you suck see you suck where's
Auggie I just
oh okay well Oh with that neck breaker
sorry about that folks we're kind of
muted out Oh picks him up Oh green
converse see any snakes back oh vs. no
reversal that's pretty cool yeah pretty
cool right there Oh II just don't me to
rheank any misses you picks up green
Goblin's return those and he throws it
back into the ring oh and the red feed
him oh he flips back into the ring locks
onto Green Goblin oh and the Green
Goblin versus again he does i'm outside
the ring I think he didn't want to try
to punch and it's a green goblin lost
special and he tries to a misses with
the grapple a nice man Green Goblin no
doubt about our yo oh and greet oh boy
yo Lee oh bloody face with that ring
bell intrans not coming true shut up
will change them of this match right
there oh boy i'll keep just hitting up
this is the ocean down every knows too
three why'd you interrupt me what the
heck doesn't count rate you smack OH in
his dirty so he didn't wonder where I am
tortured in arm big muscular arm or fat
angry I'm like no mother thanks for
watching mws picture miss Ling society
shut up tune in for more match drop your
homeboys XC